1. 	when someone says I have the right character or quality to do something, and you don't agree and want to be sarcastic. you can say:
	a fondness for contradictory statements?

2.	when someone says something lacking depth and substance, you can call it a glib remark.

3.	when you want to describe someone's drunk, you can use inebriation.

4. 	glint, when you want to describe a light reflected at an angle from a something, you can say glint
	for example, a light glinting off her eyes.
	
5.	stub, a cigarette stub.

6.	carton, a small and usually paper container. example, a small carton of cigarette.

7.	pluck, when you want to remove a hair or thorn from your skin or you want to pick, pull, or remove something in general, you can say pluck the thorn out. Note, when you say pluck the hair, you mean you grabbed it by the root and pluck it entirely.
	pluck at, it means to pull part of something more than once with your finger. For example, she looks down again and keeps plucking at the doll. He nervously plucked at the blanket.
	
8.	coaster, it can mean the small and shallow kitchen mat for protecting the surface where you put hot bowls on it; it can mean person who lives by the sea coast; it can mean a small vehicle

9.	great writing example: If an assault were launched on this building right now, if the windows came crashing down and the whole world descended upon you, this man would hurl himself in death's way to save you. You are sure of this, but why?

10.	conceptualize, verb for creating a concept. Try to use it more in daily life.

11.	map out, to plan the details of something. example, we mapped out a plan of action. Have you mapped out the initial interviews?

12.	skim, 1 to clear or remove floating substance from a liquid surface; 2 to study or examine superficially and rapidly. example, skim a boiling syrup.

13.	coroner, 验尸官

14.	weary, having one's patience, tolerance, or pleasure exhausted. Example, Soon grew weary of waiting. This is the first time you detected a weariness in the lieutenant's voice.

15.	pulsate, 1 to throb or move rhythmically, like vibration; 2 to exhibit a pulse or pulsation, like a beat. Example, the lights pulsated with the music. People danced to the pulsating sound of hip-hop. This thing is pulsating with discomfort. 

16.	terse, using few words. when you respond with a short answer, you can describe it like: "Yes," he responds tersely.

17.	harbinger, something that foreshadows a future event. Example, harbinger of spring.

18.	fidget, can be noun or verb, means uneasiness or restlessness as shown by nervous movemnts. in verb it means to move restlessly or nervously. Example, the Cafeteria manager fidgets under the lieutenant's gaze. Then he gives in.

19,	impede, to interfere with or slow the process of. Example, You are impeding me from carrying out a murdering investigation with your inane requests for money.

20.	inane, lacking of significance, meaning, or point. Example, you are impeding me from carrying out a murdering investigation with your inane requests for money.

21.	crude, rough or inexpert in plan or execution. 

22.	cadaver, a dead body.

23.	Retrograde amnesia, a form of memory loss that causes an inability to remember events from the past.

24.	Imbecilic, very stupid of foolish. The imbecilic characters, whose vocabulary does not stray much beyond "this is cool" or "it sucks"...

25.	banal, lacking of originality, freshness, or novelty. Example, only banal things strike you. At the core, you are a very banal person, with a very small soul.

26.	pertinent, having a clear decisive relevance to the matter in hand. Example, I don't see how my life is pertinent to the investigation.

27.	rapport, a friendly, harmonious relationship. We'll work better together if we have more rapport.

28.	ruddy, having a healthy reddish color. Example, The lieutenant's face turns a ruddy shade.

29.	thrall, a state of servitude or submission. Example, With just a flick of his eyebrow he's able to make you his thrall.

30.	lucid, suffused with light; clear to the understanding.
	psychedelic, relating to or being drugs (such as LSD) capable of producing abnormal psychic effects (such as hallucinations).
	example, you are super lucid, yet psychedelic. You don't need office supplies to connect to your nervous system, you are special.
	
31.	deranged, mentally unsound (often offensive). You seem to be in a deranged state.

32.	regimen, a systematic plan (of diet, therapy or medication) especially when designed to improve and maintain a patient's health. Example, check with a health provider about potential options for changing your medication regimen.

33.	scatterbrain, a person who is forgetful, disorganized, or unable to concentrate to think clearly. Example, Where did I put my keys? I'm such a scatterbrain today.

34.	glitter, to shine by reflection with many small flashes of brilliant light; to be brilliantly attractive, lavish, or spectacular. Her eyes glitter over the rim of her glasses as she looks up, smiling.

35.	wacky, absurdly or amusingly eccentric or irrational. A wacky comedian.

36.	soar, to fly aloft or about; to rise or increase dramatically (as in position, value, or price). 
	Example, what young girls doesn't dream of soaring over a crowd?
	
37.	scaffold, a supporting framework.
	Example, you'd think it would be a safe job. But I had to be everywhere, and once I happened to be under some faulty scaffolding.

38.	Great writing example: There is no bitterness in her voice. She accepted the curiosity her condition inspires a long time ago.

39.	palpable, easily perceptible. 
	Example, The attraction between them is palpable.
	
40.	deportment, the manner in which one conducts onself, behavior.
	Example, Your deportment remains dignified, as you shed a single manly tear.
	
41.	tarnish, to detract from the good quality of; to dull or destroy the luster of by air air, dust, or dirt.
	Example, his fine dreams now slightly tarnished. The golden pin is round and slightly tarnished. 
	
42.	Commotion, a condition of civil unrest or insurrection. 
	Example, the commotion was finally brought to an end and peace was restored.
	
43.	profuse, pouring forth without restraint. 
	Example, he offered profuse apologies for being late.
	
44.	heed, to pay attention.
	pay heed to
	take heed of 
	Example, And some Bow residents say other parts of the country should take heed of the need for planning for the future.
	
45.	rake, 耙子，扫落叶的

46.	jut, to extend out, up, or forward.
	Example, He juts his chin out. Mountain jutting into the sky.
	
47.	retort, to answer back sharply. 
	Example, He looks slightly confused but proud he came up with that retort
	
48.	malevolent, having, showing, or arising from intense often vicious ill will, spite, or hatred; productive of harm or evil.
	Example, the novel grossly oversimplified the conflict as a struggle between relentlessly malevolent villians on one side and fautless saints on the other.
	
49.	fiddle, 
		verb:
		to act dishonestly or change something dishonestly to get something for yourself, especially to your advantage
		noun:
		a music instrument, a violin.
	Example, She managed to fiddle a free trip to America.
	
50.	squeal, 
		verb:
		to make a long, very high sound or cry.
		
	example: The thing behind the fence starts squealing, shrill and violent like a fire alarm.
	
51.	shrill,
		adj:
		1. having a loud and high sound that is UNPLEASANT to listen to.
		2. used to describe a way of arguing or criticizing that seems too forceful.
	example: He launched a shrill attack on the prime minister.
	
52.	contort,
		verb:
		1. to (cause something to) twist or bend violently and unnaturally into a different shape or form
		
	example: his face contorted with bitterness and rage.
	
53.	prance,
		verb:
		1. to walk in an energetic way and with more movement than necessary.
		
	example: It's pathetic to see 50-year-old rock stars prancing around on stage as if they were still teenagers.
		
54.	bulge, 
		verb:
		1. to stick out in a round shape.
	
	example: 
	1. her grocery bags were bulging with the shopping. 
	2. He prances around, eyes bulging out of their sockets, rolling hard, yelling at the windows.
	
55.	tingle,
		verb:
		1. to have a feeling as if a lot of sharp points are being put quickly and lightly into your body.
		
	example:
	1. my fingers and toes are tingling with the cold.
	2. Thump! The blow connects surprisingly well, leaving your knuckles tingling.
	
56.	ominous, 
		adj:
		1. suggesting something unpleasant is likely to happen
		
	example:
	1. There was an ominous silence when I asked whether my contract was going to be renewed.
	2. The creature behind the fence has fallen ominously silent. Only her eyes are alive, jumping from actor to actor.
	
57.	derelict,
		adj:
		1. in a very poor condition as a result of disuse or neglect.
		noun:
		1. a person without a home, job, or property.
		
	example:
	1. They will face a school system like a war zone, a wasteland, riddled with derelict buildings, populated by disenchanted souls.
	
58.	flock, 
		noun:
		1. a large group of sheep, goats, birds, or people.
		verb:
		1. to move or come together in large numbers.
	example:
	1. They lock these containers to keep the derelicts from flocking in.
	
59.	
